hey guys we've got one point two point
four server version new update everyone
received three hundred gems and you got
a new hero this is my new tower you can
also use six heroes in arena right now
as you can see through it ninja Thunder
gut pumpkin Duke champion and succubus
now have also six kilo bases let's the
cook on our humans for six base you have
to build it for about 16 controls called
my small novels mon amis and army comes
that's quite a lot I'm still far from
meeting these requirements as you can
see and taught us now can search by H in
rankings for example 120 page I can
seize my Smurf I can't and trade him so
easy way to get gold now the war chat is
back yeah but we cannot write too much I
can seat four killed how it's working
wait oh I click I'm looking for new
friends and how we search for France and
we can make a gift invite but it's worth
60 Charlotte's and this is everything
thanks for watching